all right
playing sir on to Raptors is my second
game with the Chicago Bulls didn't
expect to be traded to the Chicago Bulls
hey should we are this is a championship
though I'll tell you that that's the
fuckin championship Derrick Rose myself
already had to trade it was two draft
picks and DJ Augustin Chicago Bulls hit
the fucking jackpot let's try to make
something happen
let's try to make something happen I
don't want to ask for the boss's muffins
be trippin you asked for a ball a couple
times people get you trades in the shit
like assholes you can't stop the buckets
you can't stop the rain from falling you
can't stop those fucking buckets from
falling you better have a damn umbrella
baby because once the range the fucking
pause block him down Derrick Derrick
block him down that's what I'm talking
about
the off all right that was a fucked-up
attempt I didn't mean to do that the
mistakes was made just now I didn't mean
to do that jump shot that was my fault
but still somebody should have my back
on the rebound no I don't care where you
is that I don't care how much I fucked
up you fucked up more so yep
that was the word defense I don't see
you home a season but what the fuck
oh nice pass nice pass
John stop - reincarnated so faded there
you go
almost shot that by mistake but I got to
assist College boost do it - pretty good
surprisingly Carlos booze ain't fucked
up yet another one there and that was
CLE this Derrick Rose Dillman lie that
might work out pretty damn good this
might be new Jordan Scottie Pippen
now of course I'm Jordan Derrick Rose
and after they go to Pippen roll but you
know I'm saying it's still good it's
still very good
Joakim glad to be Dennis Rodman for the
thurible championship and who's got your
shit beat like that a little harder than
that no Jay stop him in there on that
fast-break attempt cannot stop mr.
perfect on that fast-break 18 points in
the first half 58% field goal percentage
you got 23 points right now 6 assists 2
rebounds getting buckets out there I
don't know damn it's a foul I don't know
how else you can even explain it you
look up my performance and to say
buckets that's it this bucket straight
up buckets large amounts of buckets
large quantity of buckets you can open
up your fucking cabinet all you see for
me it's buckets out there let's leave
mud buckets for you I got another
fucking can of buckets
feel free to open it up so the buckets
can pop in your damn face
buckets Toronto Raptors basically
Theriault somebody need to get this from
hell and this is serious more
materiality just somebody need to
contact his pants cuz he needs help
somebody needs to contact Child
Protective Services because that shit is
just not right and what I'm doing -
Toronto Raptors just ain't right so as
soon as you tell it in the picked up
Theriot and put him in the and some some
kind of custody
have them sent to Toronto because they
need help just as much cuz I'm whooping
they ask where me what just happened oh
you gotta be fucking kidding me word
there you fuckin fragile your knees are
made of fucking velcro in bubble wrap
and pop rocks big world just got hurt no
wait wait wait wait no no no no mm-hmm
torn ACL they're roaches toys a CEO in
the NBA 2k14 my career season fucking
kidding me really look torn ACL I'll
flip the season why would you even do
that - Kay why don't you even put that
bad juju on well fucking like that
that's fucked up - Kay he's out for the
season now okay so remember the whole
thing I said about me if they're
brothers women share fishing together
apparently I'm about to start at point
guard because he's not gonna fucking
play again another season down the
fucking drain thanks to Derrick Rose's
knees my lord I'll be honest I kind of
took the wind out of everybody's sales
for the Chicago Bulls there was going
down again it kind of took do it out of
ourselves but you know what that's why
they got me that's why they got me
Justin tasters might happen you know
what I got to do my part I got to do my
part and that's that
all right we win this game but it's hard
to celebrate this win knowing that
they're roses towards ACL and he's out
for the rest of season so uh I don't
know take what your wheel would how's he
doing an interview he just told you
fucking ACL while you stand it up doing
the interview take your ass in the back
and get healthy boy